Note that PackageIconUrl is deprecated (#19745)
dotnet/docs: docs/core/tools/csproj.md

A URL to the license that is applicable to the package. (_deprecated since Visual Studio 15.9.4, .NET SDK 2.1.502 and 2.2.101_)

### PackageIcon

> A URL for a 64x64 image with transparent background to use as the icon for the package in UI display. [PackageIconUrl is deprecated](/nuget/reference/msbuild-targets#packageiconurl) in favor of PackageIcon.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A path to an image in the package to use as a package icon. Read more about [`icon` metadata](/nuget/reference/nuspec#icon). [PackageIconUrl is deprecated](/nuget/reference/msbuild-targets#packageiconurl) in favor of PackageIcon.
```
